README.md, before:

# Laois Arch Club

[Laois Arch Club](https://conal2023.github.io/LaoisArchClub/) is a website for a local organisation for adults with intellectual disabilities. The website was set up to help promote such a good organisation that I personal have helped in the past and which family member currently siill active with their support.

People who visit the page wiLL be able to find out when the next event is, keep up to date via our social links, see the latest photos from recent event and also contact us.

![Responsive webpage on different screens](docs/screenshots/responsive.JPG)

## Features

- __Navigation Bar__

  - The Navigation bar allows users to freely flow between the 3 pages.
  - With the full responsive Navigation bar users can simply click on the links a navigate around the website.
  - Nav bar is addopted fro the Love Running project.
  [Navigation bar](docs/screenshots/nav-bar.JPG)

- __Group Photo image__

  - This photo inculdes most of our members who recently attended a fundraiser for Laois Arch Club.
  - This photo shows what Laois Arch Club is all about - the members.

- __What is Laois Arch Club__

  - This section give a bt of a background about Laois Arch Club and what exactly they do.
  - Users will see the benefits the group has with what they do for their members and this should help encourage them to join our volunteers.

- __Next Event__
  
  - This very simply advises anyone who comes and views the page when the next event is on. It also advises of the time and location of the event.
  - This can simply be update after each event to the next date.

- __The Footer__

  - Here links are provided to social networks sites which open in a new tab.

- __Gallery__

  - Here users can see some of our recent events and see the work we are doing to help our members and their family.
  - This page will encourage more people to join either members or as volunteers.

- __Contact Us__

  - This page allows users to contact Laois Arch Club regarding joining as a member, joining as a volunteer or finding out about supporting this great cause.

- __Feedback__

  - This page will pop up when a user fills out the contact us form.
  - It is our way of thanksing them for taking time to contact us and show we appricate it.

# Testing

- I have tested this web page n three different browsers and works on all: Chrome, Edge, Firefox.
- Device toolbar was also used to see thewebsite through different screen sizes.
- All of the links on the page were tested and confirmed to be responding as they should.
- The contact us form was tested to make sure the fields that required information gave an error, the submit button tested to confirm it work and also once the submit button was ticked the feedback page responded.

Commit message:

add text and photos to header,group photo, next event, footer and gallery

README.md, after:

# Laois Arch Club

[Laois Arch Club](https://conal2023.github.io/LaoisArchClub/) is a website for a local organisation for adults with intellectual disabilities. The website was set up to help promote such a good organisation that I personal have helped in the past and which family member currently siill active with their support.

People who visit the page wiLL be able to find out when the next event is, keep up to date via our social links, see the latest photos from recent event and also contact us.

![Responsive webpage on different screens](docs/screenshots/responsive.JPG)

## Features

- __Navigation Bar__

  - The Navigation bar allows users to freely flow between the 3 pages.
  - With the full responsive Navigation bar users can simply click on the links a navigate around the website.
  - Nav bar is addopted fro the Love Running project.
![Navigation bar](docs/screenshots/nav-bar.JPG)

- __The Header__

  - The header very simply shows the name of the organisation.
![Header](docs/screenshots/header.JPG)

- __Group Photo image__

  - This photo inculdes most of our members who recently attended a fundraiser for Laois Arch Club.
  - This photo shows what Laois Arch Club is all about - the members.
![Group photo image](docs/screenshots/group-photo.JPG)

- __What is Laois Arch Club__

  - This section gives a bit of a background about Laois Arch Club and what exactly they do.
  - Users will be able to see how the organisation gains from caring for its members and their families. This should help the organisation gain new members and new volunteers.

- __Next Event__
  
  - This very simply advises anyone who comes and views the page of when the next event is on. It also advises of the time and location of the event.
  - This can simply be update after each event to the next date.
![nav bar image](docs/screenshots/nav-bar.JPG)

- __The Footer__

  - Here links are provided to social networks sites which open in a new tab.
  - Users will be able to click on the links and a new tab will open and bring them to the relavent page.
![Footer](docs/screenshots/footer.JPG)

- __Gallery__

  - Here users can see some of our recent events and see the work we are doing to help our members and their family.
  - The user will benefit from this section because it will make it simple for them to understand the kinds of events that the organisation runs. 

- __Contact Us__

  - This page allows users to contact Laois Arch Club regarding joining as a member, joining as a volunteer or finding out about supporting this great cause.

- __Feedback__

  - This page will pop up when a user fills out the contact us form.
  - It is our way of thanksing them for taking time to contact us and show we appricate it.

# Testing

- I have tested this web page n three different browsers and works on all: Chrome, Edge, Firefox.
- Device toolbar was also used to see thewebsite through different screen sizes.
- All of the links on the page were tested and confirmed to be responding as they should.
- The contact us form was tested to make sure the fields that required information gave an error, the submit button tested to confirm it work and also once the submit button was ticked the feedback page responded.
